Feat/roman/hash docs (#556)
ingonyama-zk/icicle: docs/docs/icicle/primitives/keccak.md

## Using Keccak

ICICLE Keccak supports batch hashing, which can be utilized for constructing a merkle tree or running multiple hashes in parallel.

### Supported Bindings

- [Golang](https://github.com/ingonyama-zk/icicle/tree/main/wrappers/golang/hash/keccak)
- [Rust](https://github.com/ingonyama-zk/icicle/tree/main/wrappers/rust/icicle-hash)

### Example usage

This is an example of running 1024 Keccak-256 hashes in parallel, where input strings are of size 136 bytes:

> ```rust

Reviewer: Probably not worth changing now, but I think it makes more sense to have a cpp API example in the base primitives folder and keep other languages to their respective bindings folders

let config = HashConfig::default();
let input_block_len = 136;
let number_of_hashes = 1024;

let preimages = vec![1u8; number_of_hashes * input_block_len];
let mut digests = vec![0u8; number_of_hashes * 64];

let preimages_slice = HostSlice::from_slice(&preimages);
let digests_slice = HostSlice::from_mut_slice(&mut digests);

keccak256(
    preimages_slice,
    input_block_len as u32,
    number_of_hashes as u32,
    digests_slice,
    &config,
)
.unwrap();
```

### Merkle Tree

You can build a keccak merkle tree using the corresponding functions:

```rust
use icicle_core::tree::{merkle_tree_digests_len, TreeBuilderConfig};
use icicle_cuda_runtime::memory::HostSlice;
use icicle_hash::keccak::build_keccak256_merkle_tree;

let mut config = TreeBuilderConfig::default();
config.arity = 2;
let height = 22;
let input_block_len = 136;
let leaves = vec![1u8; (1 << height) * input_block_len];
let mut digests = vec![0u64; merkle_tree_digests_len((height + 1) as u32, 2, 1)];

let leaves_slice = HostSlice::from_slice(&leaves);
let digests_slice = HostSlice::from_mut_slice(&mut digests);

build_keccak256_merkle_tree(leaves_slice, digests_slice, height, input_block_len, &config).unwrap();
```

> In the example above, a binary tree of height 22 is being built. Each leave is considered to be a 136 bytes long array. The leaves and digests are aligned in a flat array. You can also use keccak512 in `build_keccak512_merkle_tree` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example above, a binary tree of height 22 is being built. Each leaf is considered to be a 136 byte long array. The leaves and digests are aligned in a flat array. You can also use keccak512 in `build_keccak512_merkle_tree` function.
```
